Please read the GlobalSiege Online Internet Usage Agreement carefully. It is not too long and painful. Most of the big legal words have been translated to plain English.

By selecting "I Agree", you accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree, do not use this software online.

Version: 1.0
Date: 14th November 2011

ONLINE USE POLICY & LECTURE

1. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN ACTIONS

While playing GlobalSiege online, you agree that YOU ARE WHOLLY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN ACTIONS. Parts of the GlobalSiege Internetworking system can be classed as a public broadcasting system which means that you could be held liable for any threats, slanderous and defamatory comments that you make against ANYONE while online. The author of this software and its suppliers accept no responsibility whatsoever for any consequences of your online behavior and will mitigate any legal repercussions by making available all relevant logs and data as requested by a legal entity in any district or country. 

In other words, I will not protect you if your comments offend someone and they decide to Sue you. Remember that when you are online, you are not as anonymous as you may think. Someone with a court order can track you down from your IP address. Be mindful about what you say online, because some people are easily offended and unfortunately, some people will go to extreme measures to make a claim and take legal advantage of you no matter if they really were offended or not.

2. THE SESSION HOST HAS ULTIMATE POWER AND FINAL SAY

You agree that the individual hosting a Session decides the rules of that Session, decides how the Session is to be played, decides who can join the Session and has the final say on any dispute or disagreement in that Session. 

If you do not like how a Session is being hosted, you should not participate in that Session. You are welcome to find and join another Session or to start your own Session and run it the way that you see fit. 

3. GLOBALSIEGE IS NOT DESIGNED TO BE FAIR

You agree that GlobalSiege is a game where you will frequently loose against other players often due to no fault of your own. No matter if it is because of bad strategy, bad luck or an alliance between other players, if you do not like loosing, you should not play this game. 

Even top players occasionally roll a bad series of dice or find them selves dealt a bad setting. Great players consider this a challenge and a character building exercise. And remember, GlobalSiege is only a game. If you find yourself getting frustrated or angry with it or with other players, stop playing it.

4. NUISANCE PLAYERS

You agree that you as a player can be kicked out of Sessions and banned from Sessions at any time for any reason by Session Hosts and you can be voted out of Sessions by a majority vote by other Session participants. Nuisance players who keep getting kicked out and banned from Sessions will be investigated and may need to explain why they should NOT have their accounts closed and deactivated for ever. 

It may sound heavy handed but remember, I do not get paid for this and I do not have much time for players who cannot or do not want to get along with others.

5. SESSION HOSTS

You agree that as a Session Host, you should welcome anyone who wants to participate in your public Sessions. If you only want certain players to join then you should make your Session private by locking it with a password and you should hide your Session from the Internet when all participants have joined. You agree to be responsible, considerate and as fair as reasonably possible to players who participate in your sessions. Never kick or ban players from your Session without a compelling reason. 

Try not to let players feel excluded or singled out otherwise you might end up with a bad reputation and find your self being excluded by other players. Keep in mind that it is human nature to exaggerate a bad experience to as many people as possible, including to me.

6. YOUR PRIVACY

Your email address, IP address and any personal data will not be forwarded to any third party without your written permission, unless that third party can produce a valid court order that can be independently verified. 

I hate spam as much as you do and I will protect your data and identity unless your actions put me in a bad legal position (see section 1). Your personal data will NEVER be given to ANYONE for financial gain.